Thank You Sarge this is it I spy with my
one little eye a new tri-state area
that's one dictator short of a
dictatorship well that's all about to
change
pretty soon I'll be ruling over to
tri-state areas eventually Dahlia we got
some elastic vision
why is Perry waiting a hand we don't
have time to explain we've got to try
and stop an evil jerk
never going to fire we'll know what's
going on
it's a comb-over I know I should really
just shave it
it's a random
oh great Albuquerque 93 all over again I
wish I didn't mention Candace was here
she took out like very of them with the
generations are we overwhelmed by the
sheer number of robots coming into our
dimension you must get to to
headquarters and stop it
hi sir we're ready to serve oh no you
kids need to go home where it's safe
with all due respect sir we've been
through quite a lot together we're a
team now Oh far too dangerous and
besides our insurance won't cover it
telum Agent P come on Perry let's go
kick some robot chassis
Wow I guess we're going home then hey
where's dr. D
hello mrs. Thompson it's me Heinz I
think I left my cheese the other
dimension can you pass me in oh is it
Heinz Doofenshmirtz your neighbor for
like 12 years
oh I live in the penthouse I wear lab
coats a lot speak with the accent I am
currently speaking to you with just like
my neighbor upstairs
yes exactly this is just beautiful I
decide to do the right thing and I end
up in a Cell well at least my brothers
are safe husband am I supposed to be
learning here
I'm Jeremy Johnson I'm here to rescue
you Johnson Jeremy yes sir and I picked
up a couple new recruits we found a way
to bypass the entire security grid it
was cool what you brought my little
brothers are you out of your mind
soldier I didn't know that they were
your brothers but I should have known
they're smart and courageous just like
you you think I'm smart and courageous
well yeah uh sir uh good work soldier we
should really get out of here while we
can
most of the normbots are away in the
other dimension we can slip away pretty
easily
the normbots are in the other dimension
this isn't the time to escape this is a
time to make our move
let's go yes sir boys wait thanks for
asking me I'm really proud of you both
and we're proud of you too sir I got
nachos who wants them
nobody Oh mysteries course you can see
I'm really trying here please bring back
Candace oh hi Stacy
and I also want a car